# Cops vs Orcs Privacy Policy

Our Privacy Policy outlines how we collect, use and disclose any personal information or other
"non personal information" that may be gathered about you.

## Definition and Usage of Personal Information

Personal Information is any information or opinion that identifies you as an individual. We do not collect any Personal Information outside of the name you enter for use in the game and the score that you achieve during gameplay. Should you contact us directly for any reason, we may keep a copy of that correspondence.

## Sensitive Information

Sensitive information is defined in the US Privacy Act (1974) to include information or opinion about such things as an individual’s racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, membership of a political association, religious or philosophical beliefs, membership of a professional body, criminal records or health information.

Delirium Gameworks will neither attempt to obtain nor record any sensitive information.

## Disclosure of Personal Information

We will not sell, trade, rent or disclose any of the personal information you provide to us for any reason, without your prior consent. Otherwise, your Personal Information will only be disclosed where required or allowable by law.

## Personal Information Security

Your Personal Information is stored offsite in a manner that reasonably protects it from misuse, loss, unauthorized access, modification or disclosure.

We don’t guarantee website links or policy of authorised third parties and you access those sites at your own risk.

## Access to your Personal Information

Under the Privacy Act, NPP 6 gives you the right to access the Personal Information we hold about you and to update and/or correct it, subject to certain exceptions. If you wish to access your Personal Information, please make your request to us in writing at the address listed below. Delirium Gameworks will not charge any fee for your access request, but may charge an administrative fee. Be aware that in order to protect the Personal Information in our database, we will require identification from you before releasing any information.

## Collection of other 'Non-Personal' Information

Cops Vs Orcs does not use cookies in order to track your movement around the web. However, our mobile app does use Google Analytics to help analyze how users interact with our product. The tool uses cookies to collect internet log information and visitor behavior information anonymously. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website, including IP address, is transmitted to Google. This information is used to evaluate use of our product and to compile statistical reports on website activity.
Our third party partners, and their privacy policies can be found below:

Google: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Google Analytics: http://www.google.com.au/analytics/learn/privacy.html
Google AdMob: https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en

## Policy Updates

Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. The most up to date version of our Privacy Policy can be found at https://www.github.com/DeliriumGameworks/copsvsorcs/blob/master/privacy.md. We will always keep this updated so our players know what information we will collect from you, how it may be used, and when the information will be disclosed.

## Contact Information

At Delirium Gameworks, we value your feedback. If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at:

copsvsorcs@ibespwn.com
